documentated this.hot for loader context (#3531)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/api/loaders.md

Emit a file. This is webpack-specific.

### `this.hot`

> Information about HMR for loaders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information about HMR for loaders.
```

```javascript
module.exports = function(source) {

>   console.log(this.hot); // true if --hot flag is passed

Reviewer: Only when flag was passed or also when HMR was enabled via [webpack configuration](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/dev-server/#devserverhot)?

```suggestion
  console.log(this.hot); // true if HMR is enabled via --hot flag or webpack configuration
```
